Earth 2150 EFTBP Player Map- "Lost World 2150" 

Size- Huge [256x256]
Players- 12
Naval- No
Resources- 2,105,000
Setting- Desert [Volcanic & Moon optional]
Optimum application- Network and Skirmish
Created by- xcalibre
Date released- June 2003
Origin- Canada eh!
Credits- to E2150 creators for developing this emmense game and editor & fansites like this one for posting fan maps
Note: This version map will play with E2150 EFTBP or TMP


LOST WORLD 2150

INTRO:
Be prepared for an Xtreme experience traversing this huge, sprawling landscape in search of your friends and the AI in Lost World 2150. You'll just love the realism and atmosphere the 2150 editor creates in this map...especially close ups;-)

While playing Lost World 2150 you'll find lots of Shield Generators, Energy, Ammunition, Full Repair and Map reveals where you'll need them most and also hidden or remote cash deposits and Tunnel Reveals. There are also other race's capturable units like the UCS Grizzly III hRR or ED's 600 Kruszchev hI & also LC's CrionP and others. Each base has three of its own 25%-power, disabled units located in the base tunnels or imprisoned at the base perimeter- just free them for capture. Select "map default" option in player set-up for this feature. [There's 2 units above ground and 1 unit below for all bases.]

[CAUTION: LC units cannot be disabled for long as they self-repair...however, capturing EDs Ion Cannon will make it possible to re-disable them for capture but only with a repair unit equipped and set to do this.] 

NOTE: Each of the 4 LC bases has 1 unit placed in their tunnels and will remain there for the course of the game as they cannot get to the surface through tunnel entrances! These units will be able to access some cash artifacts without a tunneler by destroying the neutral barriers...they're also good for tunnel defense. LC does have superior resource collecting abilities by placing a mine anywhere on the map without supportive buildings/ units...this will make up for inaccessible cash artifacts.


DESCRIPTION:
There's just about everything you'll need to play great land campaigns in Lost World 2150. Base locations are well defendable and similar in size. Each is unique occupying a variety of elevations and layouts. There is a logical route around the map that can access every player from every location. I don't think you'll get easily bored with this map, like many others. There's so much to do, you'll find this little download contains many hours of Xtreme TMP entertainment. 

I designed Lost World to be the best FUN in a land based map. Well sculpted and carefully thought out [and tested] for the ultimate multiplayer and skirmish challenge. I promise you and your friends won't be disappointed with it. Its highly realistic terrain is for 12 players with plenty of space to build impressive defenses and 80,000 resources each. There'll be planty of excitement in Lost World, so don't forget to explore for the oodles of artifacts scattered over the entirety of the landscape. 

Relatively close to all start locations is a map reveal and 10,000 credits [on the surface]. Base tunnels hold an additional 20,000 within close range to each base [look for nest of trees as locators to hidden sites or small isolated tunnel squares]. More 30,000 resource sites are in easy reach from all start locations and some are only accessible by bridge builders, transports or flying harvesters [elevated areas have many tunnel reveals]. There are also 'cash crops' in the tunnels that require tunnelling for.

I recommend playing "Destroy Structures with Weather" for a more realistic experience. And with 'credits per minute' instead of mining, the expert AI assaults are really furious...try skirmish against 6 'Expert' AI opponents [it is winnable by quickly researching & defending]! I strongly suggest playing the "Map Default" setting which has all the opponents' special units around their bases, for a unique 'capture & sweep' campaign [the more opponents the more capturable units].

[For LC players...the default "desert" setting may be disappointing when Weather Control is ready- it only gives "Wind". By changing the surface type to "Volcanic", you can enable "meteors" as the super weapon! Oh, and Lost World 2150 also makes an excellent Moon World...

...How to change the surface type...Start the editor from the E2150 game setup options...open Lost World 2150 and go to "Menu" and select "Properties"...you'll see a list of radio buttons describing the "Surface Type"...choose "Volcanic" and select "OK"...save and exit editor to play game in this new setting. (You can change surface type as many times as you wish.) You can now rain meteors on your friends and AI when your weather control centre is ready.]

SPECIAL NOTE ON MINING: In most fan maps I've seen lately, a special 'H' designed resource configuration is made especially for ED to speed up resource collection. I find this a good idea considering UCS's AI is almost 3 times faster at collecting resources than ED. However, I haven't used the H design in this map, as my 8x long, double row design allows for the same special mine/refinery placement. Try it it works well for me. 

For those who don't know what this special placement is...place two mines facing each other so the conveyor belts are lined up with a space between. [1 mine can cover both rows of resource spots and the other will be offset a row- see diagram.] Now place the refinery so its conveyor belt is 1 space away from the centre of the 2 mines' conveyor belts...This way a Taiga collector can stand in one spot (X) and only have to make a 90 degree turn to pick up from mine and drop off at refinery...you can practice this placement in the editor a couple of times or follow my diagram below to get the idea. I promise it works with a little persistance, so don't get discouraged...


	Resource Field...	*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *		
				
				*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *


	Resource Field 
	with 2 ED Mines		*  *  *  *  *  *  M  M		This Building placement allows for a Taiga collector
	& Refinery showing					to stand in each spot (X) and rotate from mine pick-up to 
	Taiga locations (X)	*  M  M  M  *  M  M  M		refinery drop off without moving from spot! It's the most 
								efficient method of resource collection for ED who's about          				   M  M (X) R (X) 		66% slower than UCS at the start. However, it does take a 
								couple of tries to get Taigas to remain in the same spot.  
					    R  R		Just keep trying until the Taiga's eventually comply...it's 
								worth the effort:)
					    R  R


I hope you like Lost World as much as I do, I had a lot of fun creating it for E2150 fans like you. ...so what are you waiting for? Install and PLAY this map...NOW!

Thanx for your interest in fan/player maps, without people like you and sites like this, It just wouldn't be worth doing- xcalibre 

Questions/ comments to...<www.xxcalibre@hotmail.com>:-)

U Got Game?- Play Like Hell!