Map Name - TORAB1
FOR: Earth 2150
Players - 15
Size - Huge
Tileset - Spring
Tunnel Layer - Yes
Water - Yes
Difficult terrian - Heavily forested areas and border, buildings
Resources - Medium
Need for expansion - Player's discretion

Created by Chip

---------------------

----------------------

NOTES:  This map combines the editor.loadbmp function in the editor with some of the staple features
common to my maps.  Elevated platforms break the map up into four sections.  Breaks in the ironwork
allow passage to the different areas.  The landscape is fairly well discected by canals.  Bridges cross
the water at various points.  This map represents a portion of Torab.  A series of maps will detail the rest.
Look for them !

If you want to be dramatic and take out the bridges and/or put them back, I'd advise that you keep up with
researches.  Some targetable heavy weapons and/or bombers may prove useful.

You MUST have at least 128 MB(recommended 192MB) RAM and a video card with 32MB video RAM in
order to see all of the features on this map.  Those playing this map, with less than that listed,
will notice that there are few, if any, ruins(there are a lot) and may experience frequent crashes.
This map is a hog, as far as system resources go.  For first play, I would take it very slow, and just
travel around the map a little so that you know where things are, and how to get around.  If you feel
like it, open it up in the editor and have a look at what's there.  That way, when you play, you can
see if everything is showing up.

Tutorials for various items and techniques used in creating this map may be found at Earth Orbiter
http://www.earth-orbiter.com (administered by Ice Man)
-AND-
at Chip's Earth 2150 Information Page
http://www.angelfire.com/games2/e2150/index.html

----------------------
Installation
TORAB1_MAP.zip contains the .lnd/.mis files.
To install the map, put the .Ind and .mis files in the C:\programfiles\SSI\earth2150\levels
directory. You may have to create a levels directory in the earth2150 folder.
----------------------
Comments or questions may be directed to Chip at dsa9@hotmail.com

